feature: add factorial customer story (#2290)
gitpod-io/website: src/routes/customers/factorial.md

Factorial is a software company building an all-in-one human resources management application that handles document management, payroll, time tracking, and more.

Director of Developer Experience Josep Jaume has spent the last 8 months improving the way developers at Factorial work. Since then, the company has grown from 45 developers to 110, and Gitpod has become a core part of their developer experience.

Josep tells us the story of Factorial's growth and what led the company to embrace Gitpod for all their development.

## Achieving parity between development and production

Building their application as a large monolith with Ruby on Rails and React helps Factorial rapidly iterate over major changes. As they serve companies in a wide variety of sectors, they need to be agile enough to change the shape of the application quickly. That level of flexibility in the macro-scale comes at the expense of micro-scale changes.

> Even a small change to the application requires deploying the whole Ruby backend at once. Engineers need to be confident that their code reflects reality without having to wait for a deployment cycle to complete, so Factorial uses queues and job workers to fully replicate the production environment during development time.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
Due to the nature of a monolith, even a small change to the application can affect the totality of the application. Engineers need to be confident that their code reflects reality without having to wait for a deployment cycle to complete, so Factorial uses queues and job workers to fully replicate the production environment during development time.
```

Gitpod enabled developers to work in parallel, with multiple workspaces that were easily shareable and readily accessible.

> "I'd estimate each engineer saves 5 to 10 hours a month on dev environment issues that just don't exist with Gitpod."

Josep adds that junior developers usually have the hardest time with such issues.

Once a developer hits the "I can do that?" moment, they start seeing the work of software development in a different way. "There was a tipping point where they just started talking to each other."

Eventually the messages started coming in.

<div class="bg-white p-4 rounded-xl">

![Slack message: 'Can anyone delete my devenv? Been using Gitpod for a long time now and not coming back'](/images/customers/factorial/slack-1.png)
![Slack message I'm not going to need my devenv anymore either. I usually worked on localhost before but I'm not going to use it anymore.](/images/customers/factorial/slack-2.png)

> ![Slack message I will not need my devenv anymore either, could you please delete it?](/images/customers/factorial/slack-3.png)

Reviewer: Hello! I don't feel comfortable sharing individual's names here. Could we maybe blur the name / pictures or find another solution?
